Optimize (CQA) - Mng content - Optimizing (#4873)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_changing-the-default-mirroring-policy-by-using-cli.adoc

= Changing the default mirroring policy by using Hammer CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> Set default mirroring policies for new Yum and non-Yum custom repositories so they inherit additive, content-only, or complete mirroring without affecting existing repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set default mirroring policies for new {customrepos} so they inherit additive, content-only, or complete mirroring without affecting existing repositories.
```
